I think you two really don't want to live anymore, do you?
That's because you two should wait
You're just waiting for the factory to go out of business
Start now.
Don't try to sell another pack of cigarettes
Don't even think about bringing another penny.
After all, Mr. Xia and you used to be husband and wife
Do you have to do things so badly?
Why are you afraid?
OK
Let them both come over and kneel and kowtow to me and apologize
I can forgive you.
You are wrong.
Now you should get on your knees and beg me
I just considered letting you live
Haha.
Are you out of your mind?
You dare to say anything
What do I need from you?
I sell gift boxes cheaper than you.
If you want money, I can send a bank loan at will.
You just got something to hang your stomach
Mouth marketing?
What else?
It's almost the end of the year
These gift boxes of yours are waiting to rot in the warehouse.
Frog in the Well
Sure I would.
If you can't imagine it, I'll see.
See what other means you have to make a comeback
Haha, it is.
You're just a snack seller after all
What will we do later?
But to participate
Jiangnan's top business exchange conference
Such a grand event!
Only people worth over a billion can participate
You low-level trash
Don't even think about going in for the rest of your life
Ah, Mr. Xia
So what do we do now?
Now we can only let the factory shut down first.
Stop in time
Then figure out a way not to stop work.
The problem now is that the gift box can't be sold.
If you don't stop the loss in time
The losses will get bigger and bigger
I have a way to sell
No matter how low Fang Yuan drops
Can't stop